PyrogramMod v2.1.1
==================

*Layers 162–187, Paid Reactions, Stories, Giveaways, View-Once Media and more*

Layer Updates
-------------

Updated API schema through layers 162, 163, 164, 165, 166, 167, 169, 170, 171, 172, 173,
174, 176, 177, 178, 179, 181, 182, 183, 184, 185, 186, 187.

New Features
------------

- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_paid_reaction` — send paid reactions.
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_similar_channels` — get channels similar to a given one.
- Added ``view_once`` parameter to :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_photo`,
  :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_video`, :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_video_note`,
  :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_voice` — media visible only once.
- Added support for animations and video notes playable once.
- Added ``send_multiple_reactions`` support.
- Added ``giveaway`` filter and reworked :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Giveaway` type with full media support.
- Added story media support.
- Added quote text support.
- Added ``nosound_video`` parameter to :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_video` and
  :obj:`~pyrogram.types.InputMediaVideo`.
- Improved :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_chat_history`: new ``min_id`` and ``max_id`` parameters.
- Added ``has_visible_history``, ``is_forum``, ``has_hidden_members`` fields to
  :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Chat`.
- Added missing properties to :obj:`~pyrogram.types.ChatPrivileges`.
- Support for joining via public chat link (``https://t.me/username/4`` format).
- Added ``skip_updates`` parameter to ``Client``.
- Implemented non-blocking TCP connection.

Bug Fixes
---------

- Fixed ``idle()`` signal handler not being thread-safe.
- Fixed ``has_spoiler`` missing in ``get_input_media_from_file_id()``.
- Fixed ``has_spoiler`` missing in :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.copy_message`.
- Fixed ``partial_reply`` handling.
- Fixed ``ChatType`` filter ``AttributeError``.
- Fixed ``send_audio`` not working as expected in some cases.
- Fixed ``'ChatFull' object has no attribute 'participants_count'``.
- Fixed type hint for ``InputMediaVideo.thumb``.
- Fixed deserialization bugs.
- Fixed ``FLOOD_PREMIUM_WAIT_X`` error handling.
- Updated ``MIN_CHANNEL_ID`` constant.

Build
-----

- Dropped Python 3.7 support.
- Added new TL scheme source.
