PyrogramMod v2.4.1
==================

*Layer 228, Communities, Ephemeral Messages, Rich Messages, Guard Bot and more*

Layer Updates
-------------

Updated API schema through layers 221 -> 228.

Communities
-----------

New ``communities.*`` namespace with 10 methods:

- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.create_community` (supports ``hidden`` parameter)
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.add_chat_to_community` — add a chat to an existing community.
  Accepts the raw community ID (as returned by ``linked_community_id`` or :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_joined_communities`),
  not the ``-100``-prefixed channel ID. Supports ``hidden=True`` to add the chat without showing it in the sidebar.
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_joined_communities`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.toggle_community_peer_link`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.approve_community_peer_link`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.approve_all_community_peer_links`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_community_peer_link_requests`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.ban_community_participant`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.toggle_community_collapsed`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_community_participant_chats`

Monoforum / Direct Messages
----------------------------

New methods for channels with Direct Messages (monoforum) enabled:

- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.toggle_direct_messages` — enable or disable Direct Messages on a broadcast channel.
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_monoforum_dialogs` — list per-sender sublists.
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_monoforum_history` — read a sender's sublist history.
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.read_monoforum_history` — mark a sublist as read.
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.delete_monoforum_history` — delete a sublist's history.

Ephemeral Messages
------------------

New ``ephemeral.*`` namespace — bot-private messages visible only to the receiver:

- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_ephemeral_message`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.delete_ephemeral_message`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_ephemeral_callback_answer`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.report_ephemeral_message`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.edit_ephemeral_message_text`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.edit_ephemeral_message_caption`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.edit_ephemeral_message_media`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.edit_ephemeral_message_reply_markup`

Rich Messages (Bot API 10.1)
----------------------------

New types: :obj:`~pyrogram.types.RichMessage`, :obj:`~pyrogram.types.RichText`,
:obj:`~pyrogram.types.RichBlock`, :obj:`~pyrogram.types.InputRichMessage`,
:obj:`~pyrogram.types.PollLink`.

New enums: :obj:`~pyrogram.enums.RichTextType` (26 variants),
:obj:`~pyrogram.enums.RichBlockType` (30 variants).

New methods:

- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_rich_message`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_rich_message_draft`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.translate_rich_message`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.compose_rich_message_with_ai`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.request_chat_join_web_view`

Incoming :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Message` objects expose the new ``rich_message`` field.

Guard Bot & Join Request Queries
---------------------------------

- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.set_chat_guard_bot`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.answer_guard_bot_query`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.answer_chat_join_request_query`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_chat_join_request_web_app`

New handler :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.on_guard_bot_query`, new type
:obj:`~pyrogram.types.GuardBotQuery`, new field ``ChatJoinRequest.query_id``.

Streaming Text
--------------

- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_streaming_text` — stream text progressively to a chat (bots only).
  Accepts a plain string or an async iterator/generator.

Bot & Browser Settings
-----------------------

- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_bot_access_settings`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.edit_bot_access_settings`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.confirm_bot_connection`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_web_browser_settings`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.update_web_browser_settings`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.toggle_web_browser_exception`
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.delete_web_browser_exceptions`

User & Chat
-----------

New :obj:`~pyrogram.types.User` fields: ``color``, ``profile_color``, ``bot_active_users``,
``bot_has_main_app``.

New :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Chat` fields: ``guard_bot_id``, ``send_paid_messages_stars``,
``monoforum``, ``autotranslation``.

New type :obj:`~pyrogram.types.PeerColor`.

:obj:`~pyrogram.types.ChatPrivileges` gains: ``can_manage_direct_messages``,
``can_manage_ranks``, ``can_manage_linked_peers``.

New update :obj:`~pyrogram.raw.types.UpdateBotStarsSubscription` — fires when a bot Stars subscription is created, canceled, or restored.

New method :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.get_poll_stats`.

New field ``linked_community_id`` on :obj:`~pyrogram.types.User` and :obj:`~pyrogram.types.Chat`.

Styled Keyboards
----------------

:obj:`~pyrogram.types.InlineKeyboardButton` and :obj:`~pyrogram.types.KeyboardButton` now accept
a ``style`` parameter. New type :obj:`~pyrogram.enums.KeyboardButtonStyle`.

Bug Fixes
---------

- Session reconnect deadlock fixed.
- ``account.*`` namespace corrected for web browser methods and ``confirm_bot_connection`` (were incorrectly using ``messages.*``).
- Fixed ``message_thread_id``, ``EmojiStatusUntil`` ``AttributeError``, ``PeerID invalid``.
- Fixed ``messages.chatInviteJoinResultWebView`` TL ID and replaced ``webview`` field with ``query_id``.
- Fixed ``messages.composedRichMessageWithAI`` TL ID and schema (now returns ``RichMessage``).
- Fixed ``TypeError`` on :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.send_message` caused by missing ``ephemeral_receiver_bot_id`` in ``messages.SendMessage``.

Build
-----

- Migrated ``scrape-errors`` CI to ``uv``.
- ``docs.json`` regenerated for layers 225, 227, 228 (Unicode preserved, ``ensure_ascii=False``).
- :meth:`~pyrogram.Client.invoke` now has a generic return type.
- Fixed ``async``/``asyncio`` compatibility for Python 3.13 & 3.14. CI matrix: 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, 3.13.
